
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

053-15927827

Wed
Jan
07
10:12:33
-0800
2004

Dan
Connolly
&lt;connolly@w3
org&gt;

w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

I've
got
an
opportunity
to
do
some
fun
family
stuff
this
Friday,
so
I'd
like
to
know
whether
it
conflicts
with
an
RDF
Core
telcon

I
haven't
seen
notice,
and
we're
less
than
7
days
away,
so
I
presume
there's
no
WG
telcon
this
week

Sorry
if
I
missed
an
announcement
to
that
effect

If
the
WG
meets,
I
suppose
it'll
be
somewhat
unofficially

In
that
case,
I
offer
regrets

Wed
Jan
07
12:09:05
-0800
2004

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Dan
Connolly
&lt;connolly@w3
org&gt;
,
Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;

w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

Hmm,
I
was
just
wondering
that
myself

I
see
the
following
possible
agenda
items
for
a
telecon:

a)
wording
changes
to
the
semantics
doc

b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

Dan,
would
you
like
the
WG
to
meet
to
discuss/approve
the
proposed
wording
changes?

Will
the
16th
be
soon
enough?

Eric,
is
the
CG
seeking
input
from
the
WG
about
b)

WG,
do
folks
want
to
meet
to
discuss
a),
b)
or
anything
else?

I
will
send
a
formal
notification
of
a
telecon
for
16th
Jan,
but
will
cancel
if
its
not
needed

Dan,
I
hope
you
have
fun
on
Friday

&amp;gt;
I've
got
an
opportunity
to
do
some
fun
family
stuff
this
Friday,
so
I'd
like
to
know
whether
it
conflicts
with
an
RDF
Core
telcon

&amp;gt;
I
haven't
seen
notice,
and
we're
less
than
7
days
away,
so
I
presume
there's
no
WG
telcon
this
week

&amp;gt;
Sorry
if
I
missed
an
announcement
to
that
effect

&amp;gt;
If
the
WG
meets,
I
suppose
it'll
be
somewhat
unofficially

&amp;gt;
In
that
case,
I
offer
regrets

Wed
Jan
07
12:21:15
-0800
2004

Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Dan
Connolly
&lt;connolly@w3
org&gt;
,w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

&amp;gt;
Hmm,
I
was
just
wondering
that
myself

&amp;gt;
I
see
the
following
possible
agenda
items
for
a
telecon:

&amp;gt;
a)
wording
changes
to
the
semantics
doc

&amp;gt;
b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

&amp;gt;
Dan,
would
you
like
the
WG
to
meet
to
discuss/approve
the
proposed
wording
changes?

&amp;gt;
Will
the
16th
be
soon
enough?

&amp;gt;
Eric,
is
the
CG
seeking
input
from
the
WG
about
b)

Yes

This
issue
was
on
last
Monday's
SW-CG
agenda
but
time
ran
out
before
we
were
able
to
discuss
this

The
need
isn't
urgent
(e
g

no
need
to
have
a
rdf-core
call
just
for
this
issue)
but
should
be
addressed
some
time
by
the
end
of
the
month

Wed
Jan
07
12:33:14
-0800
2004

Dan
Connolly
&lt;connolly@w3
org&gt;

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;
,w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

&amp;gt;
Hmm,
I
was
just
wondering
that
myself

&amp;gt;
I
see
the
following
possible
agenda
items
for
a
telecon:

&amp;gt;
a)
wording
changes
to
the
semantics
doc

&amp;gt;
b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

&amp;gt;
Dan,
would
you
like
the
WG
to
meet
to
discuss/approve
the
proposed
wording
changes?

yes

&amp;gt;
Will
the
16th
be
soon
enough?

Good
question,
but
I
haven't
done
the
relevant
calendar
research
to
figure
it
out

EricM,
I
leave
that
to
you

Call/page
me
if
you'd
like
help

&amp;gt;
Eric,
is
the
CG
seeking
input
from
the
WG
about
b)

&amp;gt;
WG,
do
folks
want
to
meet
to
discuss
a),
b)
or
anything
else?

&amp;gt;
I
will
send
a
formal
notification
of
a
telecon
for
16th
Jan,
but
will
cancel
if
its
not
needed

&amp;gt;
Dan,
I
hope
you
have
fun
on
Friday

Likewise

1/2
;-)

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
I've
got
an
opportunity
to
do
some
fun
family
stuff
this
Friday,
so
I'd
like
to
know
whether
it
conflicts
with
an
RDF
Core
telcon

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
I
haven't
seen
notice,
and
we're
less
than
7
days
away,
so
I
presume
there's
no
WG
telcon
this
week

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
Sorry
if
I
missed
an
announcement
to
that
effect

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
If
the
WG
meets,
I
suppose
it'll
be
somewhat
unofficially

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
In
that
case,
I
offer
regrets

Wed
Jan
07
13:05:08
-0800
2004

Jeremy
Carroll
&lt;jjc@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Dan
Connolly
&lt;connolly@w3
org&gt;
,
Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;
,w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

&amp;gt;
b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

Personally
I
prefer
not
to
discuss
postponed
issues
(for
new
recs?)
until
we've
got
this
one
in
the
bag

As
HP
rep
the
position
I
represented
was
we
did
not
need
to
resolve
these
issues
in
this
standardization
round

For
the
next
few
weeks
that
remains
the
position
I
wish
to
represent

When
we
get
to
rec,
I
have
things
that
I
individually
think
about
the
postponed
issues
and
could
contribute
to
a
discussion

Sorry
for
being
so
cautious

Wed
Jan
07
13:31:01
-0800
2004

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Jeremy
Carroll
&lt;jjc@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;
,w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

&amp;gt;
Personally
I
prefer
not
to
discuss
postponed
issues
(for
new
recs?)
until
we've
got
this
one
in
the
bag

&amp;gt;
As
HP
rep
the
position
I
represented
was
we
did
not
need
to
resolve
these
issues
in
this
standardization
round

&amp;gt;
For
the
next
few
weeks
that
remains
the
position
I
wish
to
represent

I
was
not
clear

I
was
not
proposing
we
discuss
resolutions
of
the
issues,
but
suggestions
to
the
CG
of
how/whether
these
issues
might,
at
some
point
in
the
future
be
resolved

For
example,
the
WG
might
recommend
to
the
CG
that
some
issues
are
higher
priority
than
others

Is
that
a
discussion
you
feel
able
to
contribute
to?

Wed
Jan
07
14:24:34
-0800
2004

Jeremy
Carroll
&lt;jjc@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Brian
McBride
&lt;bwm@hplb
hpl
hp
com&gt;

Eric
Miller
&lt;em@w3
org&gt;
,w3c-rdfcore-wg@w3
org

Re:
no
RDF
Core
telcon
this
friday,
9Jan,
right?

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
b)
advice
to
the
CG
about
what
to
do
about
postponed
issues

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
Personally
I
prefer
not
to
discuss
postponed
issues
(for
new
recs?)
until
we've
got
this
one
in
the
bag

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
As
HP
rep
the
position
I
represented
was
we
did
not
need
to
resolve
these
issues
in
this
standardization
round

&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
For
the
next
few
weeks
that
remains
the
position
I
wish
to
represent

&amp;gt;
I
was
not
clear

&amp;gt;
I
was
not
proposing
we
discuss
resolutions
of
the
issues,
but
suggestions
to
the
CG
of
how/whether
these
issues
might,
at
some
point
in
the
future
be
resolved

&amp;gt;
For
example,
the
WG
might
recommend
to
the
CG
that
some
issues
are
higher
priority
than
others

&amp;gt;
Is
that
a
discussion
you
feel
able
to
contribute
to?

I
am
not
sure
that
we
can
have
a
procedural
only
discussion

-
I
guess
if
I
am
unconfortable
I
will
just
stay
quiet

-
and
my
silence
should
not
be
interpreted
as
assent

For
instance,
I
decided
to
not
reply
to
Grahams
msg
on
the
postponed
issues
despite
disagreeing
with
it

